I will.
So we have already seen this problem called super blue.
And it was a handkerchief.
It was one of the first problems that we discussed in this course in one day.
They believed that because of religion, that regarding the problem was simple.
That was the deep nothing but minimum of previous three deep values.
Right.
Minus one I went to and I must replace it.
But in the problem it said that.
No one can go three days in a row.
Right?
I've written assembled skills here and.
We cannot take like, you know, the well we can.
We have to take at least one element from every driver in the race.
So in this case, what was the answer?
This ain't that is so that No.
Three windows empty.
It would be a big Lisbon anyway, and the sum of them is minimum.
So by applying the above dynamic programming recursion recursive relation, we already saw that.
We got the answer that for you.
I hope you know the problem because.
One of the first problems we discussed.
But now let's let's just see what what if the problem gives another variable called key aid?
And he says the problem is that now you cannot go you cannot go for k k days in a row.
So instead of three, I'm saying these are really called k the gig n before.
But if ks forward is a reconsideration because the relation is nothing but this which is API minus one.
API minus two.
The API ministry.
Repayment is for.
Great pleasure.
Correct.
What does this mean?
That cannot go four days in a row than from the previous four values.
Just you can attach the content really after it goes and we can find out the answer.
Eight But if it is five then we'll have one text over here.
It will really be I mean -48, but so what if it's okay.
So it will.
It is from deep.
I mean, minus one 2 minutes.
So if I want to generalize it, I can write it as like this.
And it is minimum of.
AP i.
And allegedly they'd.
And this day.
The day goes for.
But I did like this then.
A-minus.
Good.
And this day goes from 1 to 3.
It goes to key.
Right.
So in this way, we will get because of religion that we want.
But then how will you calculate this minimum wage?
So what does this minimum means?
That means the minimum of previous skill values.
Correct.
So if I want to find out the minimum of previous skill values and I want to do it in a.
FOSTER We're not just, you know, iterating of our loop for all.
So if I want to do a brute force in this case, then the what will be the brute force highly trained
over all the AI is in for every AI literate back here times eight.
So the guardian complexity of this solution would become an indicator that's whatever index I'm moving
cadence back.
But I don't want to move Cadence back.
I want to optimize it for that.
I want to do it in a better in complexity.
And I want the minimum of.
Minimum of I minus one index, still a minus key, and I want the minimum of the deep values that are
found.
And then how can I do this?
Yeah.
So for this what about we can do is we can use some data structures which gives me a minimum for a particular
range.
For example, segmenting a segment gives me the minimum for a particular range, looking for my minus
one time and it will give me a minimum in that range in this log of.
And.
There's a lot of it.
And whenever I find a new value that is, let's say DPA, what I'll do is I'll simply updated integrity,
because if I find out that I found out that API value, I simply update it in the segment three because
for a plus one I will be needing the minimum of previous gear again.
Eight.
What I'll do is I'll simply fill up the triple values for the first year values, which is nothing with
the same as the base cases.
Then I'll start a loop and then we can simply do one thing which is voiding the segments that give me
the minimum from this to this.
Whatever is the minimum plus here would be my current value and then I'll update that guarantee value
in the segment so that it can be used for the calculation of the negative p value.
Eight.
So here what we can do is instead of and indicate I can optimize this by and into log in which is huge
eight and in the log in is a well, we are reducing K2 log and which is very huge because let's see
if case includes two in and any standard to power six so what is log of energy will be around 20 to
8 so and so and into K will be ten is about 12 which won't ever work and otherwise it will be ten is
about 16 to just 22, which is log log of an eight in the next part.
Also before moving forward, what I'll say is if you do not know about these data structures, there
is segment trees, family trees and sparse metrics and feel free to check out out of control.
I mean, because in that we have these data sectors because I didn't know that these data structures
in this current pose because it's totally based on dynamic programming rates.
I don't did not want to know everything in this the string creates complexity so soon the next part
and in the next word will code this problem.